on the first day of Christmas my true
love gave to me a partridge in a pear
tree on the second day of Christmas my
true love to turtle doves on the third
day of Christmas my true love sent to me
three French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the fourth
day of Christmas my true love sent to me
four calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge in a pear
tree on the fifth day of Christmas my
true love sent to me five
thanks for calling Birds three French
and two turtle doves and a partridge in
a pear tree on the sixth day of
Christmas my true love sent to me six
geese a-laying five golden rings four
calling Birds three French hens two
turtle doves and a partridge and our
pantry on the seventh day of Christmas
my true love gave to me seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the eighth
day of Christmas my true love sent to me
eight maids a-milking seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden
four calling Birds three French hens two
told us on the ninth day of Christmas my
true love sent to me none ladies dancing
eight maids a-milking seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree on the tenth
day of Christmas my true love sent to me
ten Lords a-leaping nine ladies dancing
eight maids a-milking seven swans
a-swimming six geese a-laying five
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle doves and a
partridge in a pear tree
right welcome to the twelfth day of
Christmas
I
you